---
title: Ms Nur Khaiyisha Bte Abd Kadir
permalink: /stories/nur-khaiyisha-bte-abd-kadir
---

## Ms Nur Khaiyisha Bte Abd Kadir, Special Needs Teacher, APSN

On what she would advise for those who are thinking of joining the social service sector or who would like to give back to society 
in any way, Khaiyisha has this to say: Go for it if you have that voice or feeling in your heart to pursue it. Start from that small 
fire. Certainly, the fire is what propelled her onto an unexpected, yet meaningful, mid-career path she is now confidently engaged 
with.

Prior to her employment now with Association for Persons with Special Needs (APSN), Khaiyisha was teaching at a mainstream school 
for about nine years. Throughout her time there, she came across students facing challenges at school, and contemplated about the 
assistance they would require in order to succeed. In her own words, this “clicked in her mind” – could she do something more to 
help them, and others, to reach their full potential and to do well in life? 
 
Around her last two years at the school, she was also studying for her Degree in Counselling. Inspired by a lecturer’s advice, and 
exploring several options to upgrade her professional skills, Khaiyisha eventually enrolled in the Advanced Certificate in Supported 
Employment (ACSE), a course offered by SSI. She was also, fortuitously, the only applicant not nominated by an employer (social 
service agency).

The ACSE was exactly what she was looking for. She gained the industrial know-how on how to support students with disabilities, and 
build up their employment capability. Sharing by the other professionals from a diverse background allowed her a better view of the 
disability landscape in the local context.


|  |  |  |
|--|--|--|
|![buffer](/images/stories/within_stories/left-quote-w-buffer-2.png) |![nur-khaiyisha-bte-abd-kadir](/images/stories/within_stories/nur-khaiyisha-bte-abd-kadir.jpg) <br> Just keep going. Always believe that things will be better. One day, everything will fall in place. This is what is keeping me going.| ![buffer](/images/stories/within_stories/right-quote-w-buffer-4-short.png)   |
|  |  |  |

During the course, an incredible opportunity presented itself. Initially her decision to enrol in the ACSE intake was purely to 
improve herself. Now there was a chance she could put it all in use, so she seized that moment and applied for a position at APSN. 
Remarkably, everything fell into place.

Supported by the ACSE knowledge, it now enables Khaiyisha to become more effective and intelligent in working with students with 
special needs and various profiles. She spends her day teaching personal management to her students, so that they strengthen their 
character, learn how to communicate effectively with others and behave appropriately in public.

It is all very rewarding work, especially when the students achieve particular milestones. She is especially proud of them when they 
tell her they manage to say “Hello” to their neighbour, or when they show her a selfie they took with their family.

Nonetheless, Khaiyisha is not resting on her laurels. On this year’s theme of “Learn, Unlearn and Relearn”, she shares that her 
motivation to learn is the abundance of information and different views out there.
 
“Often, we think we know enough of a particular subject, but we do not know what we do not know… For instance, we think we know how 
to talk to people. However there are more ways to engage others in conversation than the ways we already know. That’s why I am 
motivated to keep on learning to find ways to impart these techniques to my students and provide them support to succeed in life.”

At the end of the day, you can be sure that Khaiyisha will continue to nurture the fire in her alongside this meaningful mid career 
switch she is so passionate about, to keep on sharpening her skills and acquire more knowledge for the benefit of her students and 
herself.

 
[View More Stories](/stories)
